Ease up a bit!
I’m just looking out for you, aren’t I?
That’s enough
Can’t even handle a small task like this?
I’m worried about you, that’s all
Besides
Qín Fēng may be the adopted son of the Qín family
But failing to kill him this time
Won’t that cause trouble?
What’s there to fear?
I’ve got ten billion in my hands now
Who wins or loses is still up in the air
Could it be
You’ve already thought of a way to deal with him?
I heard the Eldest Miss of the Qín family
Is returning to fight for the family fortune
Against Qín Fēng
As long as I can win over the Eldest Miss Qín
Crushing Qín Fēng
Wouldn’t that be as easy as squashing an ant?
It’s that simple
But how do we win over
The Eldest Miss of the Qín family?
What do you think of me?
Jiā Háo
You’re both talented and considerate
The most
Perfect man in the world
As long as I become the Qín family’s son-in-law
Dōng Hǎi
Will be mine